created self hosted agent - followed steps in azure doc
and configured that to workstation linux machine - centos

myagent - dir will be created
run - sh svc.sh install
      sh svc.sh start
this will start the self agent

ax3f6xumjn64fgqdv2pj3iputsv7w4mzlc6u7djj3ihc7oltpgda

now create pipeline and add agent job using self hosted one (default) which has our agent in agent pool

now link the gihub repos into artifacts - click on edit pipeline -add arttifact - link the github and give repo

now add required tasks to agent job
1 . terraform
2. bash - where we give our bash commands
    make dev-init
    make dev-apply etc

3.azure has to link our aws configure - aws creditionals
    create a variable library
        give AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
             AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
4. now link these variables to our pipeline for all releases
5.under bash env variable will be there pass above variables here $(AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID) and $(AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY)
Finally pipeline link to our aws using credentials
now create a release
5.create vpc and subnets(2public and 2 private)
6.create internet gateway and nat gateway
    NAT Gateway (PRIVATE SUBNETS) - Network Address Translation Gateway its enable private subnet to connect to the internet
    or other AWS services,but it prevent internet from initiating a connection with it directly
        - Create a NAT in public subnet assign it to EIP and associate this with your private subnet using route table-
            which point the internet traffic to NAT
    NAT gateway requires EIP elastic ip address
    INTERNET GATEWAY :communication between your VPC and the internet.
    An internet gateway performs network address translation (NAT) for instances that have been assigned
    public IPv4 addresses.

    An Internet Gateway (IGW) allows resources within your VPC to access the internet, and vice versa.
    In order for this to happen, there needs to be a routing table entry allowing a subnet to access the IGW.
    That is to say - an IGW allows resources within your public subnet to access the internet,and the internet to access said resources.
    A NAT Gateway does something similar, but with two main differences:
        It allows resources in a private subnet to access the internet (think yum updates, external database connections, wget calls, etc), and it only works one way.
   The internet at large cannot get through your NAT to your private resources unless you explicitly allow it.
7.create private and public route tables
